fix: adds a link to the Markdown guide (#1190)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/reference/api-reference.md

### `<Markdown />`

> The Markdown component is no longer built into Astro. See [the Markdown guide](/en/guides/markdown-content/) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Markdown component is no longer built into Astro. See how to [import Markdown into your Astro files](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) on our Markdown page.
```
